=head1 NAME

pgheader - A utility to manipulate headers of Polyglot opening books.

=head1 SYNPOPSIS

pgheader <options> [<file>]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

pgheader is a utility to manipulate headers of Polyglot opening books.
The Polyglot format is the defacto standard non-proprietary opening
book format.  It is fully documented here

http://hardy.uhasselt.be/Toga/book_format.html

Historically Polyglot book files did not contain any metadata which is
problematic for many reasons. Recently a backward compatible and
extensible standard has emerged to add such metadata to Polyglot
books. This standard is described here.
 
http://hardy.uhasselt.be/Toga/pgheader-release/header.html

pgheader implements v1.0 of this standard. In v1.0 the metadata
consists of a list of variants supported by the book in addition
to a comment section which typically includes license
information, author data, source files etc...

pgheader accepts the following options.

=over 4

=item B<-h>

Print help.

=item B<-l>

Print the list of known variants.

=item B<-s>

Print the header.

=item B<-S>

Print the header data. This works even if the logical header is broken.

=item B<-d>

Delete the header. 

=item B<-v>

This is a comma separated list of supported variants. The variant
list in the book will be replaced by the supplied list.

=item B<-f>

Force the inclusion of unknown variants.

=item B<-c>

This is a free format string which may contain newlines encoded as two 
character strings "\n". The comment section will be replaced by
the supplied string. 

=back

=head1 AUTHORS

Michel Van den Bergh<michel.vandenbergh@uhasselt.be>

=head1 EXIT STATUS

pgheader return 0 on normal exit and a non-zero value if something goes
wrong.

=head1 SEE ALSO

polyglot(6) 
